when it came to holiday spirit Willie
never had it real well it was real I got
sick all her hair fell out to get sick I
loved a woman that wasn't clean mrs.
Santa
that was her sister oh no where's your
slaves in the shop where's Ramirez
stable where's the stables that's the
shop how do they sleep are you messing
with me there's something about the guy
it makes me uneasy now a hopeless kid
wedgie at a Santa nobody liked our
teaching each other a lesson yes that's
your underwear part of it where's the
rest of it actually I don't want to know
put your dukes up you're gonna learn to
stand up for yourself
oh no screaming
[Music]
the naughtiest guy in town just might
discover how to be nice good night good
night mrs. Santa's sister Billy Bob
Thornton Bernie Mac Tony Cox Bad Santa
I've been up some kids today most for a
purpose let me feel good about myself